includes/body/manual/model_information.md, before:

#### Ideally, this is the section where you'd include the information to guide users on how to use the app, and the features within it. However, for this template, it will be the section to explain some key features of this template. You may call it a sort of 'documentation'


## Documentation of this QC tool template

### Introduction

The purpose of this template is to help create a standardized workflow for scientists to build robust shiny apps for QC. 

### Features

Upcoming

### License and term of use

MIT. Use freely, but please acknowledge our work and refer others to use the template as well.


### Issues

If you have issues or questions, create an 'issue' or contribute to one within the issue tab of this github repository


### Contributors

Contributors interact with the project on GitHub by filing new issues, improving existing issues, or submitting pull requests. Anyone can become a contributor, which means there is no expectation of commitment to the project, no required set of skills, and no selection process.

Commit message:

Cleanup of files and reorganization of content

includes/body/manual/model_information.md, after:

#### Ideally, this is the section where you'd include the information to guide users on how to use the app, and the features within it. However, for this template, it will be the section to explain some key features of this template. You may call it a sort of 'documentation'


## Documentation of this QC tool template

### Introduction

The purpose of this template is to help create a standardized workflow for scientists to build robust shiny apps for QC. 

### Features

The following features are available in the current template for you to get started.

 - __Compare images, tables, scripts and other documents__. The feature encoded in this template is the ability to compare various types of files such as images, table files, R scripts, pdf, word document and so on to aid your QC process
 
 - __User customizable interface__. This means the user can move around the panels to desired locations on the screen. They may also change the title and color of the panels to suite their needs. 
 
 - __Panel location and features saved across sessions__. This means that after re-arrangement of panels, changing panel colors or titles, one may refresh the page and the settings are retained.
 
 - __Resizable Panels__. Panels are resizable to allow easy focus on specific contents, like plots or tables comparison of the results.


### License and term of use

MIT. Use freely, but please acknowledge our work and refer others to use the template as well.


### Issues

If you have issues or questions, create an 'issue' or contribute to one within the issue tab of this github repository


### Contributors

Contributors interact with the project on GitHub by filing new issues, improving existing issues, or submitting pull requests. Anyone can become a contributor, which means there is no expectation of commitment to the project, no required set of skills, and no selection process.


 
### Author

W.H @ Pharmacometric.com
